[IMP] l10n_in_gstin_status: add documentation for GSTIN status (#11324)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/india.rst

     the government portal. You can click :guilabel:`Process Now` if you want to process the invoice
     immediately.

.. _india/gstin_status:

Indian Check GSTIN Status
=========================

The :guilabel:`Indian - Check GST Number Status` module allows you to verify the status of a GSTIN
(Goods and Services Tax Identification Number) directly from Odoo.

> There are two ways to verify the status of a GST Number in Odoo:

Reviewer: I would remove this sentence: the "two ways" in question are not really related to one another since they do not concern the same thing (one is for contacts and the other for invoices/bills).

#. To verify the status of a partner's GST Number, go to :menuselection:`Accounting/Invoicing --> Customers/Vendors`
   and select a partner. In the :guilabel:`GSTIN` field, click on the :guilabel:`Check GSTIN Status` button.

   .. image:: india/gstin-status-partner.png
      :alt: Check GSTIN status of a partner

> #. To verify the status of a GST Number entered in an invoice/bill, go to :menuselection:`Accounting/Invoicing --> Invoices/Vendor Bills`
>    and create a new invoice/bill and post the invoice/bill. In the :guilabel:`GST Status` field, click on the :guilabel:`GSTIN Status Refresh` button.
> 
>    .. image:: india/gstin-status-invoice.png
>       :alt: Check GSTIN status of an invoice

Reviewer: Do we necessarily need to *create* a new invoice/bill? Can't we check the status of existing invoices/bills? (sorry if this is a dumb question, and I can't test it at the moment)

```suggestion
To verify the status of a GST number entered on an invoice/bill, access the invoice/bill and click the :icon:`fa-refresh` (:guilabel:`refresh`) button next to the :guilabel:`GST Status` field.
```

Author: Not necessarily of a `new` invoice/bill. But the user can check the status until the full payment is paid (of the posted moves).

> A notification will be popped as shown below and the partner GSTIN status and verification date will be logged in partner form.
> 
> .. image:: india/gstin-status-notification.png
>    :alt: GSTIN status notification

Reviewer: If I understand correctly, this section only applies to contacts? I suggest moving it after that line and updating the text as follows, which would allow us to remove the screenshot:
```suggestion
A notification is displayed to confirm the status update and the GSTIN status and verification date are logged in the contact's chatter.
```

Author: It doesn't matter from where the user clicks the button but in case of invoice/bill. It clearly says that we only post the log note in contact form (to keep the record in case the GST number deactivates) and a normal notification appears(from both the form)
